## Main Work Flow

1. Database Structure:

   Created two tables: users and invoice_details.
  
  The users table stores user information.
  
  The invoice_details table stores details of all invoices associated with existing users.

2. User Authentication:

    On the frontend, users log in with their Google accounts.
   
    The frontend sends the Google account code to the backend for verification.

3. Backend Verification:

    In the backend, the received Google account code is verified for validity.
   
    If the user is signing in for the first time, their details are stored in the users table.
    
    A JSON Web Token (JWT) and refresh token are generated and sent to the user.

4. Token Usage:

     Users utilize the JWT and refresh token for accessing protected pages, such as the home page.

5. Profile and Invoice Details and Invoice Remainder:

    After successful login, users can view their profile details on the frontend.
   
    Users can also access the invoice details section to view information about their due invoices Users have the option to send 
    
    reminders for past-due invoices.

### Google OAuth

1.  In React.js used react-oauth/google for handling OAUTH and the Front end sends the Token code to the Backend and in the backend (node.js) used google-auth-library for Authentication. Backend will verify the token code in the backend and get the user details and if the user is loggin first time the users table will store the details of the user and the backend will send the jwt token to the front end for access.

### Invoice-Details

1. The Invoice Details like amount and due date and email are stored in the invoice-details table so when user make a request to the get invoice details table with JWT token and based on the JWT token extract the user details and based on the user details the associated invoice details will be returned

### Zapier 

1. Set up a trigger in Zapier using the "Webhooks by Zapier" app and  Choose the "Catch Hook" trigger event to create a webhook endpoint.

2. Obtain the unique webhook URL generated by Zapier for the trigger.

3. In the Node.js application When a past-due invoice is identified, send a POST request to the Zapier webhook URL with the necessary details (subject, email ID, email template).

4. When the Node.js backend sends a POST request, Zapier's webhook trigger is activated.

5. Configure Action Gmail for sending the mail

6. Utilize the dynamic data received from the Node.js backend (subject, email ID, email template) in the email action setup.
